Add: cisco secure email threat defense assets (#18190)
DataDog/integrations-core: cisco_secure_email_threat_defense/README.md

## Overview

> [Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense][1] is an integrated cloud-native security solution for Microsoft 365. It focuses on simple deployment, easy attack remediation, and providing superior visibility into inbound, outbound, and internal user-to-user messages.

Reviewer: I actually think the original is more effective. But if you want the parallelism you just specified, I'd change instead:

```
It focuses on simple deployment, easy attack remediation, and providing superior visibility into inbound, outbound, and internal user-to-user messages.
```

to

```
It focuses on providing simple deployment, easy attack remediation, and visibility into inbound, outbound, and internal user-to-user messages.
```

> [Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense][1] is an integrated cloud-native security solution for Microsoft 365. It focuses on simple deployment, easy attack remediation, and providing superior visibility into inbound, outbound, and internal user-to-user messages.

Reviewer 2: `It focuses on providing simple deployment, easy attack remediation, and visibility into inbound, outbound, and internal user-to-user messages.`
This option by @neko-dd  looks good and it also accommodates Jason's suggestion.  
@jnhunsberger Let us know if this looks good to you. Will make the changes accordingly.

> [Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense][1] is an integrated cloud-native security solution for Microsoft 365. It focuses on simple deployment, easy attack remediation, and providing superior visibility into inbound, outbound, and internal user-to-user messages.

Reviewer 3: Looks good to me. Thanks!

This integration ingests the following logs:
- Message: Message logs provide detailed information about email communications, including sender, recipient, timestamps, subject, and threat-related data for analysis and monitoring.

The Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense integration provides out-of-the-box dashboards so you can gain insights into Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense's message logs, enabling you to take necessary action. Additionally, out-of-the-box detection rules are available to help you monitor and respond to potential security threats effectively.

**Disclaimer**: Your use of this integration, which may collect data that includes personal information, is subject to your agreements with Datadog. Cisco is not responsible for the privacy, security or integrity of any end-user information, including personal data, transmitted through your use of the integration.

## Setup

### Configuration

#### Get API Credentials for Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense 

> 

Reviewer: Looks like this should be an introductory sentence rather than a heading, maybe? Or perhaps just delete the next heading in favor of this one?

> 

Reviewer 2: Actually the steps outlined below are included in this section. I have removed the heading format from below sentence to enhance clarity. 
Let me know if anything else has to be done.

#### Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense Datadog Integration Configuration

Configure the Datadog endpoint to forward Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense logs to Datadog.

1. Navigate to **Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense**.
2. Add your Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense credentials and verdict delay.

| Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense Parameters | Description  |
| -------------------- | ------------ |
| Host Name               | The Host Name for Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.|
| API Key           | API Key from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.         |
| Client ID      | Client ID from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.    |
| Client Password      | Client Password from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.    |
| Verdict Delay      | Time (in minutes) required to allow verdicts to be updated. Specify a number from 0 to 720. The Default value is 30.    |

## Data Collected

### Logs

The Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense integration collects and forwards Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense message logs to Datadog. This integration will ingest messages with verdict values of scam, malicious, phishing, BEC, spam, graymail, and neutral.

> **Note**: Events are fetched with a delay according to the time specified in the Verdict Delay. This delay is intended to accommodate retrospective verdicts. However, this does not guarantee that all retrospective verdicts are processed within this timeframe, as the time required for updates varies.

Reviewer: Isn't the whole point that the user specifies the interval, thus we can't be specific about it here? Or am I missing some nuance of how this works?

> **Note**: Events are fetched with a delay according to the time specified in the Verdict Delay. This delay is intended to accommodate retrospective verdicts. However, this does not guarantee that all retrospective verdicts are processed within this timeframe, as the time required for updates varies.

Reviewer 2: @neko-dd 
According to Jason's comment, he mentions that the data will be collected in every xx minutes interval, and it will be collected till the current time minus verdict delay (which is specified by the user). I hope this clears your doubt.

@jnhunsberger 
I have updated the sentence as per your suggestion. 
Let me know if it has to be changed.

## Overview

> [Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense][1] is an integrated cloud-native security solution for Microsoft 365 that focuses on simple deployment, easy attack remediation, and providing superior visibility into inbound, outbound, and internal user-to-user messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense][1] is an integrated cloud-native security solution for Microsoft 365. It focuses on simple deployment, easy attack remediation, and providing superior visibility into inbound, outbound, and internal user-to-user messages.
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion

This integration ingests the following logs:
- Message: Message logs provide detailed information about email communications, including sender, recipient, timestamps, subject, and threat-related data for analysis and monitoring.

> The Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense integration provides out-of-the-box dashboards so you can gain insights into the Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense's message logs, enabling quick and necessary actions. Additionally, out-of-the-box detection rules are available to help you monitor and respond to potential security threats effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense integration provides out-of-the-box dashboards so you can gain insights into Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense's message logs, enabling you to take necessary action. Additionally, out-of-the-box detection rules are available to help you monitor and respond to potential security threats effectively.
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion

## Setup

### Configuration

#### Get API Credentials for Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense 

#### Steps to generate API key, Client ID and Client Password:

> 1. Login to Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense UI.
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion

> 2. Navigate to `Administration` and select the `API Clients` tab.
> 3. Click on `Add New Client` to generate the `Client ID` and `Client Password`.
> 4. Enter the `Client Name` and an optional description, then click `Submit`. This will generate your Client ID and Password.
>     **Note**: Be sure to save the Client Password, as it will only be displayed once.
> 5. Additionally, retrieve the `API key` from the API Key section, as the API key must be included in the header for the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to **Administration** and select the **API Clients** tab.
3. Click on **Add New Client**.
4. Enter a **Client Name** and an optional description, then click **Submit**. This generates your Client ID and Password.
    **Note**: Be sure to save the Client Password, as it will only be displayed once.
5. Retrieve the API key from the **API Key** section.
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion

#### Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense Datadog Integration Configuration

Configure the Datadog endpoint to forward Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense logs to Datadog.

> 1. Navigate to `Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense**.
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion

2. Add your Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense credentials and verdict delay.

| Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense Parameters | Description  |
| -------------------- | ------------ |
| Host Name               | The Host Name for Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.|
| API Key           | API Key from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.         |
| Client ID      | Client ID from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.    |
| Client Password      | Client Password from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.    |

> | Verdict Delay      | Time (in minutes) required to allow verdicts to be updated.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Verdict Delay      | Time (in minutes) required to allow verdicts to be updated. Specify a number from 0 to 720. The recommended value is 30.    |
```

> **Note**: Please specify the Verdict Delay as a number between 0 to 720 minutes. For example, you might use 30 or 0.5. The recommended value for Verdict Delay is 30 minutes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion

## Data Collected

### Logs

> The Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense integration collects and forwards Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense message logs to Datadog. This integration will ingest messages with verdict value of scam, malicious, phishing, BEC, spam, graymail, neutral.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense integration collects and forwards Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense message logs to Datadog. This integration will ingest messages with verdict values of scam, malicious, phishing, BEC, spam, graymail, and neutral.
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion

> **Note**: Please be aware that events will be fetched with a delay according to the time specified in the Verdict Delay. This delay is intended to accommodate retrospective verdicts. However, this does not guarantee that all retrospective verdicts will be processed within this timeframe, as the time required for updates is uncertain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Events are fetched with a delay according to the time specified in the Verdict Delay. This delay is intended to accommodate retrospective verdicts. However, this does not guarantee that all retrospective verdicts are processed within this timeframe, as the time required for updates varies.
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion

#### Get API Credentials for Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense 

> Steps to generate API key, Client ID and Client Password:

Reviewer 2: Updates as per the suggestion.

| API Key           | API Key from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.         |
| Client ID      | Client ID from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.    |
| Client Password      | Client Password from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.    |
| Verdict Delay      | Time (in minutes) required to allow verdicts to be updated. Specify a number from 0 to 720. The default value is 30.    |

## Data Collected

### Logs

The Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense integration collects and forwards Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense message logs to Datadog. This integration will ingest messages with verdict values of scam, malicious, phishing, BEC, spam, graymail, and neutral.

> **Note**: Events are fetched every xx minutes up to the time specified in the Verdict Delay. This delay is necessary to ensure that the logs include retrospective verdicts. However, this does not guarantee that all retrospective verdicts are captured within this timeframe, as the time required for updates can vary. For complete verdict information, please log in to your Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense system.

Reviewer: To make sure I understand, is it the case that events are fetched at least as often as the verdict delay, but might be fetched more often? I'm confused about `xx minutes up to` and I suspect it needs to be reworded.

Reviewer 2: @neko-dd 
I think a better statement to explain this would be
"Events are fetched every xx minutes, incorporating a delay defined by the user known as the Verdict Delay."
So lets suppose the crawler runs every 5 minutes, and verdict delay is of 2 minutes.
If I am running my integration at 12:00, I will get data up till 11:58.
Again, the integration will fetch data at 12:05 , and will give data up till 12:03., and so on.

I hope this explains the scenario. Please let me know in case of any doubt.

Reviewer: Is XX not defined in a way that we can reveal to the user?

Reviewer 2: @jnhunsberger 
Can you please help here?
We feel that the original statement seems perfect to define our case "Events are fetched with a delay according to the time specified in the Verdict Delay."
Please let us know your thoughts here.

Reviewer 3: @ankitarajput-crest Is the verdict delay user configurable? If so, then your copy can work. If it is static and only changeable with a code update, we should state the number of minutes in the tile copy. Either way we should not ship this with "xx" in the copy of the tile.

Author: Since verdict delay parameter is user configurable we have kept first statement as `Events are fetched with a delay according to the time specified in the Verdict Delay.`

| API Key           | API Key from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.         |
| Client ID      | Client ID from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.    |
| Client Password      | Client Password from Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense.    |

> | Verdict Delay      | Time (in minutes) required to allow verdicts to be updated. Specify a number from 0 to 720. The Default value is 30.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Verdict Delay      | Time (in minutes) required to allow verdicts to be updated. Specify a number from 0 to 720. The default value is 30.    |
```

Reviewer 2: Updated as per the suggestion.
